# Glasscord-Modules

This is the go-to repository to obtain Glasscord modules.

## WARNING

Glasscord modules ("Modules") have full access to the Electron application
and, if you are not careful enough, to your whole device.

Installing any Module containing malicious code will surely cause damage
to your system!

DO NOT install anything you can't trust, such as but not limited to:
- A Module with obfuscated code in it;
- A Module randomly found on the internet;
- A Module clearly containing malicious code in it.

Before installing ANY Module, please check the code inside it!

Lastly, if anything bad happens (literally anything) neither I nor my contributors
(the Glasscord Team / third party Module developers) will take responsibility for it.

YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN, SO BE EXTRA CAREFUL!

## What's a module?

A module is nothing other than a user-contributed piece of code that
can modify how Glasscord behaves.

It can add more CSS properties, thus it can expand themers' capability
of creating amazing themes with fancy features, custom title bars and
whatnot.

## How do I make one?

Take this as an example:
```js
const { Module } = require("glasscord");

module.exports = class ExampleModule extends Module{

	// Register YOUR CSS properties in this static array!
	static cssProps = ["--example-css-prop"];

	constructor(){
		super(); // this is mandatory
		// Stuff to do when the module is loaded
	}

	shutdown(){
		super.shutdown(); // this is mandatory
		// Stuff to do when the module is unloaded
	}

	windowInit(win){
		// Stuff to do when a new BrowserWindow is spawned
		// 'win' represents the new BrowserWindow object
	}

	update(win, cssProp, value){
		// React to CSS property changes inside of a spawned window
		// 'win' is the window object where the change was detected
		// 'cssProp' is your registered CSS property
		// 'value' is the new value of the property
		// NOTE: The value is NOT parsed! It's ALWAYS a string!
	}
}
```
For further reading, check out the [Module](https://github.com/AryToNeX/Glasscord/blob/master/src/module.js) class

## How do I submit one?

You can make a Pull Request to this repository. Please note that:

- Your Module MUST NOT be committed directly to the "featured" folder
  unless it is already featured and you're just updating it.
- Your Module MUST NOT be a copy of another one with little modifications.
- Your Module MUST NOT be made of low effort code.
- Your Module MUST NOT break other Modules intentionally.
- Your Module MUST NOT depend on code that can break Glasscord's inner workings.
- Your Module MUST NOT modify Glasscord's and Electron's inner workings, unless a
  proper motivation is given.
- Your Module MUST contain a README file explaining what it does and how to use it.
  This README file MUST be formatted in Markdown and it MUST be committed to the same
  directory of the Module's source file, and they both MUST share the same base name.
- Your Module MUST be licensed under the Apache 2.0 License or any compatible License.
  Unlicensed works will NOT be merged.
- Your Module MUST contain well written code and you MUST update it periodically through
  subsequential PRs.
- You MUST take the time to fix bugs and issues generated by the usage of your Module.
  This means that you MUST partecipate in discussions regarding your Module
  in the issue section of this repo.
